How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the
bug that was introduced?

By pinpointing only the areas that were different from a working version
to one with a bug, we narrowed down the field of search considerably,
saving both time and effort.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

You could go backwards and forwards to review every step in your process of code evolution. Finding errors and spotting error patterns would also be much easier.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like in Google Docs?

Pros:
-Better more logical control over when saves are made.
-Easier comparison between earlier and later saves.
-Control over the amount of saves.

Cons:
-Must remember to save.
-Slows down programming 'flow' while working.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file seperately?

It might have something to do with what each is meant to do. Google Docs is a writing application in the same vein as Microsoft Word. Git is meant for dealing with code that is meaningfully interconnected, sometimes across many different document and document types.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log enables you to take a look at the entire history of a file. git diff allows you to compare earlier and later files for differences.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

With the assurance that you could simply load a previous version of the file and locate the mistake, you could experiment with much less fear of creating a bug that becomes a needle in a haystack and wastes hours of time.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Learning how to develop mobile apps and games... and just games in general comes to mind.


